README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://habarnam.io/player/home" target="_blank" title="YouTube Player Demo"> 
    Demo
  </a>
  <a href="https://habarnam.io/player/home" target="_blank" title="YouTube Player"> 
    <img alt="Angular YouTube Player Logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/rcuE2Ao.png" style="height: auto; max-width:100%;" />
  </a>
</p>

# About Player
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Current%20version-v2.6.1-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/quead/angular-youtube-player.svg)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/quead/angular-youtube-player.svg)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/stargazers)

This is a simple youtube web player based on [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli "Angular Cli"), [ngx-socket-io](https://github.com/rodgc/ngx-socket-io "ngx socket.io"), [@angular/cdk](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories/ "angular cdk").

This player is compatible only with Chrome/webkit browsers.

*The project status is RC (release candidate).*

## How to use

**For development**
1. Install [NodeJS 10.16.0+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/ "Node JS Download")

2. Download/clone repository then install the player by

`npm install` in root folder (not in /src)

3. Add your youtube api key in **src/app/environments/settings.ts** or inside the app on settings page (when is running)

4. Start your [server](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-server "Angular youtube server")

`npm install && npm start` in root folder

5. Connect to your [server](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-server "Angular youtube server")

You must change inside **src/app/environments/environment.ts** your path to your server.

**To build the app**

1. Install [angular-cli 7.3.7+](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli "Angular Cli")

`npm install -g @angular/cli`

2. Run inside the root folder (not in /src)

Check [angular documentation](https://angular.io/cli/build 'angular cli') for other build options.

`ng build --prod=true`

## Changelog
Angular YouTube Player 2.6.0
- List of guests in the session
- Minor issues fixed (RC)
- Add mini player when you scroll
- First video from playlist is now the current video

Angular YouTube Player 2.5.2
- Add category badge to feed videos and current video
- UI updates
- New modal component

Angular YouTube Player 2.5.1
- Upgrade angular to LTS (from 7 to 8)
- Fixed repeat mode
- Update layout for playlist / related videos

Angular YouTube Player 2.5
- Cleaned the project to avoid using a lot of dependencies
- Fix the issue when you change the region didn't updated the player
- Improved UX for playlist
- Added client name to identify each users in the room

Angular YouTube Player 2.4
- Switched from firebase to json through socket.io and private server
- Responsive layout
- Sync player in session
- Rooms: join/leave room by unique id
- Playlist is no more auto populated when is empty
- You can't export/import anymore from .JSON file

Angular YouTube Player 2.3.3
- Fixed bugs after refactoring
- Added session key for playlist which you can upload to cloud and download from cloud (integrated with firebase)
- Layout update
- Updated from angular 5.2.0 to 7.0.1
- Carousel added for related videos (used [ngu-carousel](https://github.com/sheikalthaf/ngu-carousel))

Angular YouTube Player 2.3
- Updating to LTS angular
- Refactoring entire app services and components
- Improved speed performance and fixed major bugs
- New way to loading the app

Angular YouTube Player 2.2
- Sort playlist by drag and drop (used [ng2-dragula](https://valor-software.com/ng2-dragula/ "NG2 Dragula"))

Angular YouTube Player 2.1
- Categories with videos like (music, gaming, autos, films, sports, etc.)
- Refactoring code
- Search on specific region
- Fixing copy link for featured video
- UX improvements

Angular YouTube Player 2.0.1
- Import & export youtube playlist as .JSON file

Angular YouTube Player 2.0
- Global hotkeys for application in desktop (play/pause/next/prev, for keyboards with media buttons)
- Adding support for NW.js to export the app for desktop compatible: Windows x64, Linux x64
- Auto updating the app (desktop version)

Angular YouTube Player 1.9.2
- UX improvements and fixes
- Preparing files for 2.0

Angular YouTube Player 1.9.1
- Get settings.json for localstorage if your localstorage is empty
- The playlist automatically saving, if is empty it will be populated with related videos
- Toggle light/dark theme mode
- Share link button for all videos
- Reorganised settings page
- Auto saving for internal settings (check settings)
- Manual saving for external settings (check settings)
- Performance, UI and UX improvements and fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.9
- Add/remove items from playlist, first time when is initialized It is prepopulated with related videos
- Next/prev video from your playlist
- Moved history to separate page
- Adding toggle video, repeat mode and list & grid on trending to settings.json
- Small fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.7
- Added featured video as first video from trending
- Notifications for important actions you do
- Removed debugging mode
- Preparing packages, code and files for v2.0
- Improved UI/UX for lists

Angular YouTube Player 1.6
- Video details for current video and trending videos like number of views, likes and dislikes
- Share link for current video
- Added new setting for hiding all thumbnails
- Custom player buttons shows now only when you hide video

Angular YouTube Player 1.4
- History of your watched videos
- Small fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.3
 - Show/hide video player
 - Repeat video
 - Grid/list mode for trending videos
- **Settings (you can set default from "assets/settings.json", soon will be directly from settings)**
- *Change country for trending videos (currently only three countries, US, UK and RO)*
- *Max results show in search (0 to 50)*
- *YOUR_API Key*
- *Max related videos (0 to 50)*

Angular YouTube Player 1.2
- Introducing trending videos, currently default trending videos are from United States
- Refactoring the code
- Adding routes for future components which it will show in left navbar
- Default video will be first from trending videos
- Adding the video player
- Update the design to match the new features

Angular YouTube Player 1.1
- Adding mute/unmute functionality
- Improved user interface and user experience
- Adding settings functionality, the settings will get from ***assets/settings.json***

**Settings**
- *Show/hide debugging features*
- *Show/hide thumbnails in search*

Angular YouTube Player 1.0.2
- Change volume on your video
- Related videos

Angular YouTube Player 1.0.0
- Search and play video from youtube
- Play/pause video
- Change time of your video that you want to listen

## Future features
#### Backlog
- iOS 8+ / android 5+ app **(unversioned)**

**Rooms**
- *Room chat **(unversioned)***

#### Roadmap to 3.0
- *Release a stable version **(in v2.6.9)***
- *Set private/public room **(in v2.7)***
- *List of public rooms **(in v2.8)***
- *Room moderators which can add videos, kick roommates, mute roommates **(in v2.9)***

#### Roadmap to 4.0
- Integrating YouTube account subscriptions/playlist **(in v3.0)**

#### Removed features
- Global hotkeys for application in desktop (play/pause/next/prev, for keyboards with media buttons)
- Adding support for NW.js to export the app for desktop compatible: Windows x64, Linux x64
- Auto updating the app (desktop version)
- Themes temporary removed 

## Copyright and License
Copyright [quead](https://github.com/quead) under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

2.6.1 - add infinite loading to general feed

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://habarnam.io/player/home" target="_blank" title="YouTube Player Demo"> 
    Demo
  </a>
  <a href="https://habarnam.io/player/home" target="_blank" title="YouTube Player"> 
    <img alt="Angular YouTube Player Logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/rcuE2Ao.png" style="height: auto; max-width:100%;" />
  </a>
</p>

# About Player
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Current%20version-v2.6.1-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/quead/angular-youtube-player.svg)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/quead/angular-youtube-player.svg)](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-player/stargazers)

This is a simple youtube web player based on [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli "Angular Cli"), [ngx-socket-io](https://github.com/rodgc/ngx-socket-io "ngx socket.io"), [@angular/cdk](https://material.angular.io/cdk/categories/ "angular cdk").

This player is compatible only with Chrome/webkit browsers.

*The project status is RC (release candidate).*

## How to use

**For development**
1. Install [NodeJS 10.16.0+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/ "Node JS Download")

2. Download/clone repository then install the player by

`npm install` in root folder (not in /src)

3. Add your youtube api key in **src/app/environments/settings.ts** or inside the app on settings page (when is running)

4. Start your [server](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-server "Angular youtube server")

`npm install && npm start` in root folder

5. Connect to your [server](https://github.com/quead/angular-youtube-server "Angular youtube server")

You must change inside **src/app/environments/environment.ts** your path to your server.

**To build the app**

1. Install [angular-cli 7.3.7+](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli "Angular Cli")

`npm install -g @angular/cli`

2. Run inside the root folder (not in /src)

Check [angular documentation](https://angular.io/cli/build 'angular cli') for other build options.

`ng build --prod=true`

## Changelog
Angular YouTube Player 2.6.1
- Bugfix
- Added infinite loading for general feed

Angular YouTube Player 2.6.0
- List of guests in the session
- Minor issues fixed (RC)
- Add mini player when you scroll
- First video from playlist is now the current video

Angular YouTube Player 2.5.2
- Add category badge to feed videos and current video
- UI updates
- New modal component

Angular YouTube Player 2.5.1
- Upgrade angular to LTS (from 7 to 8)
- Fixed repeat mode
- Update layout for playlist / related videos

Angular YouTube Player 2.5
- Cleaned the project to avoid using a lot of dependencies
- Fix the issue when you change the region didn't updated the player
- Improved UX for playlist
- Added client name to identify each users in the room

Angular YouTube Player 2.4
- Switched from firebase to json through socket.io and private server
- Responsive layout
- Sync player in session
- Rooms: join/leave room by unique id
- Playlist is no more auto populated when is empty
- You can't export/import anymore from .JSON file

Angular YouTube Player 2.3.3
- Fixed bugs after refactoring
- Added session key for playlist which you can upload to cloud and download from cloud (integrated with firebase)
- Layout update
- Updated from angular 5.2.0 to 7.0.1
- Carousel added for related videos (used [ngu-carousel](https://github.com/sheikalthaf/ngu-carousel))

Angular YouTube Player 2.3
- Updating to LTS angular
- Refactoring entire app services and components
- Improved speed performance and fixed major bugs
- New way to loading the app

Angular YouTube Player 2.2
- Sort playlist by drag and drop (used [ng2-dragula](https://valor-software.com/ng2-dragula/ "NG2 Dragula"))

Angular YouTube Player 2.1
- Categories with videos like (music, gaming, autos, films, sports, etc.)
- Refactoring code
- Search on specific region
- Fixing copy link for featured video
- UX improvements

Angular YouTube Player 2.0.1
- Import & export youtube playlist as .JSON file

Angular YouTube Player 2.0
- Global hotkeys for application in desktop (play/pause/next/prev, for keyboards with media buttons)
- Adding support for NW.js to export the app for desktop compatible: Windows x64, Linux x64
- Auto updating the app (desktop version)

Angular YouTube Player 1.9.2
- UX improvements and fixes
- Preparing files for 2.0

Angular YouTube Player 1.9.1
- Get settings.json for localstorage if your localstorage is empty
- The playlist automatically saving, if is empty it will be populated with related videos
- Toggle light/dark theme mode
- Share link button for all videos
- Reorganised settings page
- Auto saving for internal settings (check settings)
- Manual saving for external settings (check settings)
- Performance, UI and UX improvements and fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.9
- Add/remove items from playlist, first time when is initialized It is prepopulated with related videos
- Next/prev video from your playlist
- Moved history to separate page
- Adding toggle video, repeat mode and list & grid on trending to settings.json
- Small fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.7
- Added featured video as first video from trending
- Notifications for important actions you do
- Removed debugging mode
- Preparing packages, code and files for v2.0
- Improved UI/UX for lists

Angular YouTube Player 1.6
- Video details for current video and trending videos like number of views, likes and dislikes
- Share link for current video
- Added new setting for hiding all thumbnails
- Custom player buttons shows now only when you hide video

Angular YouTube Player 1.4
- History of your watched videos
- Small fixes

Angular YouTube Player 1.3
 - Show/hide video player
 - Repeat video
 - Grid/list mode for trending videos
- **Settings (you can set default from "assets/settings.json", soon will be directly from settings)**
- *Change country for trending videos (currently only three countries, US, UK and RO)*
- *Max results show in search (0 to 50)*
- *YOUR_API Key*
- *Max related videos (0 to 50)*

Angular YouTube Player 1.2
- Introducing trending videos, currently default trending videos are from United States
- Refactoring the code
- Adding routes for future components which it will show in left navbar
- Default video will be first from trending videos
- Adding the video player
- Update the design to match the new features

Angular YouTube Player 1.1
- Adding mute/unmute functionality
- Improved user interface and user experience
- Adding settings functionality, the settings will get from ***assets/settings.json***

**Settings**
- *Show/hide debugging features*
- *Show/hide thumbnails in search*

Angular YouTube Player 1.0.2
- Change volume on your video
- Related videos

Angular YouTube Player 1.0.0
- Search and play video from youtube
- Play/pause video
- Change time of your video that you want to listen

## Future features
#### Backlog
- iOS 8+ / android 5+ app **(unversioned)**

**Rooms**
- *Room chat **(unversioned)***

#### Roadmap to 3.0
- *Release a stable version **(in v2.6.9)***
- *Set private/public room **(in v2.7)***
- *List of public rooms **(in v2.8)***
- *Room moderators which can add videos, kick roommates, mute roommates **(in v2.9)***

#### Roadmap to 4.0
- Integrating YouTube account subscriptions/playlist **(in v3.0)**

#### Removed features
- Global hotkeys for application in desktop (play/pause/next/prev, for keyboards with media buttons)
- Adding support for NW.js to export the app for desktop compatible: Windows x64, Linux x64
- Auto updating the app (desktop version)
- Themes temporary removed 

## Copyright and License
Copyright [quead](https://github.com/quead) under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
